[Music]
hey what's going on guys pineapples here
back with some more advanced warfare
gameplay today and what you guys are
watching is an hbra3 DNA bomb on the map
riot and I'm using the gold camel the
champion camel that came out a few days
ago it looks pretty nice and especially
on the hbra3 so let's go for sixty likes
on this video if you're watching it
would be very awesome if you would slap
a like right now it really helps the
video grow and helps grow my channel so
without any further ado let's get right
into today's video so what I want to
talk about today is an alternative to
getting the hbra3 insanity so let's
really quickly talk about the insanity
and what makes it so special so first of
all you can see it's got +1 damage + 2 5
8 + -1 handling so in my opinion the
thing that really makes the insanity you
know the most lethal and most situations
is its fire rate and unfortunately the
fire rate is not something that can be
duplicated on a normal weapon on an
assault rifle anyway so I've kind of
done some research and come to the
conclusion that there's no full way you
can make it quote-unquote bootleg and
Sandy the same way you can make a
bootleg asm1 the bootleg obsidian steed
all that kind of stuff you can make all
those different kind of weapons very
similar and so close to the main variant
that it's ridiculous but on this one you
can make it close but you can't get it
as close so that's unfortunate but you
can make up for everything except the
fire rate with this weapon I'm gonna
tell you so essentially I've got good
news and I've got bad news the bad news
is you can't completely replicate the
insanity but the good news is you can
get pretty close so the weapon I'm going
to show you guys say is the hbra3
average Joe now what this does is it
gives you +1 to your range and +1 to
your damage and the really good thing
about this variant in particular is you
don't have to go through the stress of
opening supply drops until you get it
all you've got to do is spend maybe an
hour maybe two hours playing the game
using the hbra3 and you'll unlock it
it's actually the marksman challenge you
got to get 300 kills with the hbra3 and
then you unlock the average Joe variant
so it's pretty much there for anybody to
take it's a very good alternative to the
insanity I think it's the best
alternative for the insanity so
hopefully you guys took something away
from this and hopefully you'll implement
these little changes I told you to try
to get as close as you can to the
insanity just wanted to let you guys
know that I actually uploaded a new
video on my second channel it's on Jima
some funny moments with some friends I'm
gonna actually link that video with
annotation on screen and also in the
description below so if you guys want to
check that out that would be much
appreciated if you made it this far into
the video make sure you comment down
below french fries let's go for a 60
likes that'll mean a lot to me you guys
have been just destroying it lately
without any further ado I'll see you
guys tomorrow
peace